Refresh NuGet get started articles for VS 2022 #3 (#2868)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/consume-packages/install-use-packages-visual-studio.md

  Visual Studio 2017 and higher automatically includes NuGet Package Manager  when a .NET-related workload is installed. To install it individually in Visual Studio Installer, select the **Individual components** tab, and then select **NuGet package manager** under **Code tools** .

  For Visual Studio 2015, if you're missing the NuGet Package Manager, check **Tools** > **Extensions and Updates** and search for the *NuGet Package Manager* extension. If you're unable to use the extensions installer in Visual Studio, download the extension directly from [https://dist.nuget.org/index.html](https://dist.nuget.org/index.html).

- [Register for a free account on nuget.org](../nuget-org/individual-accounts.md#add-a-new-individual-account) if you don't have one already. You must register and confirm the account before you can upload a NuGet package.

## Find and install a package

To find and install a NuGet package with Visual Studio, follow these steps:

1. Load a project in **Solution Explorer**, and then select **Project** > **Manage NuGet Packages**.

>    The **Nuget Package Manager** window opens.

Author: @donnie-msft, thanks for your comments. I've addressed them in a new PR: #2871.

### Consolidate tab

Developers typically consider it bad practice to use different versions of the same NuGet package across different projects in the same solution. Visual Studio allows you to use a common version for your NuGet packages. To do so, use the **Consolidate** tab of the **NuGet Package Manager** window to discover where packages with distinct version numbers are used by different projects in the solution.

![Screenshot showing the Manage Packages for Solution window with the Consolidate tab selected.](media/consolidate-tab.png)

In this example, the ClassLibrary1 project is using EntityFramework 6.2.0, whereas ConsoleApp1 is using EntityFramework 6.1.0. To consolidate package versions, follow these steps:

1. From the **Consolidate** tab, select the projects to update in the project list.

1. Select the version to use for all these projects in the **Version** list.

1. Select **Install**.

   The NuGet Package Manager installs the selected package version into all the selected projects, after which the package no longer appears on the **Consolidate** tab.

## Package sources

To manage NuGet package sources, follow these steps:

> 1. To change the source from which Visual Studio obtains packages, select a source from the **Package source** selector.

Reviewer: "Obtains packages" isn't quite accurate. The UI loads metadata from versions of a package based on the source selected. However, NuGet Restore doesn't care which drop-down source is selected.

> If a package isn't already installed, NuGet first attempts to retrieve it from the [cache](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/managing-the-global-packages-and-cache-folders). If the package isn't in the cache, NuGet tries to download the package from all enabled sources in the list at Tools > Options > NuGet Package Manager > Package Sources in Visual Studio.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/package-restore#package-restore-overview
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/package-source-mapping

There is a new feature that *will do this*, called **Package Source Mapping**. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/package-source-mapping

   ![Screenshot showing the Package source selector highlighted.](media/package-source-selector.png)

> 1. To change the package source options, select the **Settings** icon or select **Tools** > **Options**.

Reviewer: Personally, this reads a bit oddly to me.

```suggestion
1. To manage your package sources, select the **Settings** icon or select **Tools** > **Options**.
```

    ![Screenshot showing the Package source settings icon highlighted.](media/package-source-settings.png)

1. In the **Options** window, expand the **NuGet Package Manager** node and select **Package Sources**.

    ![Screenshot showing the Options window with Package Sources selected.](media/package-sources.png)

1. To add a source, select **+**, edit the **Name**, enter the URL or path in **Source**, and then select  **Update**.

   The source now appears in the **Package source** dropdown list.

1. To change a package source, select it, make edits in the **Name** and **Source** boxes, and select **Update**.

1. To disable a package source, clear the box to the left of the name in the list.

1. To remove a package source, select it, and then select the **X** button.

   If a package source reappears after you delete it, it might be listed in a computer-level or user-level *NuGet.config* file. For the location of these files, see [Common NuGet configurations](../consume-packages/configuring-nuget-behavior.md). Remove the package source in the files by editing them manually or using the [nuget sources command](../reference/nuget-exe-CLI-reference.md).

> Using the up and down arrow buttons doesn't change the priority order of the package sources. Visual Studio ignores the order of package sources, and uses the package from whichever source is the first to respond to a request. For more information, see [Restore packages](../consume-packages/package-restore.md).

Reviewer: I removed these buttons in 17.2 Preview 1. https://github.com/NuGet/NuGet.Client/pull/4376
